

Chapter 0 [Prologue]
“Luke, you can’t stay like this forever!”

A chill went through my veins. My eyes snapped open, but I could only see darkness. 

There was a laugh as someone grabbed my hand, attempting to pull me out of the slide.

“It’s alright. Accept what happened and move on. Cheer up! No need to hide!”

As I was lifted, a sliver of light shined into me. That voice, it sounded like her. I wanted to call her name. Tell her I was glad she was back. But my voice stuck in my throat.

With another tug, she pulled me out of the slide.

“Got you out!” she laughed, pulling me out and laid me on the playground metal. She inspected my face up close with her dark, brown eyes. “This is like fishing,” she said, poking me.

The sun shined into my face. It felt warm, but also wrong. Like it was wrong to enjoy it.

“Isn’t this so much better?” she asked, running her fingers through my hair. “It’s so much brighter, so much prettier than that dark slide…” she said, waving her hand towards the orange sunset.

My eyes wandered to a swing, a group of children.

They laughed, talking to each other while swinging on the seats. It stirred something in my mind. They appeared  like they were there, but they weren’t there. Not anymore. 

I gripped her hand, shivering.

“Geez, you’re stubborn,” she commented. “How about this?” she asked. She snapped her fingers. 

In an instant, the light morphed into a warm, comfortable ray, like a sunny day with perfect wind and temperatures. The sensation was like being wrapped in a warm blanket during the cold winter.

I rolled over to face the sun, loosening my grip.

“Does it feel nicer?” she asked.

I nodded.

“You still haven’t moved on…” She closed her eyes and sighed, shaking her head and giving me a sad smile. “It’s sweet and all, but you can’t just keep holding to things that are gone. You’ve got to find something new. You told me, didn’t you? ‘A place far away’. That was your goal, wasn’t it? It’s chaseable, isn’t it? It’s that new light.”

Her words cut into my heart, reminding me of something I had once said. 

The sun seemed to be moving downwards faster, light leaving the sky as it was dragged below the horizon by an invisible force.

She opened her eyes, looking around. “It’s ending already…” she grumbled, turning her eyes back at me. “You know what to do, don’t you? We don’t have much time left. That’s why… You have to move on. It’s already been a year.”

As she said that, the light faded, cold air blew into me. The darkness slowly creeped up, engulfing all. Everything was disappearing. 

A reminder that none of this is real. A mere dream. A hallucination. 

“Amira, please…” my voice cracked. “Don’t leave me again.” I squeezed out. 

Amira smiled sadly, before fading out, leaving me alone in the cold darkness. 

I shivered, surrounded by my own fears. I didn’t want a new light. I longed for that light again. Her light again. 

I closed my eyes as the ice, sharp pain of reality washed over me.

That light was gone forever. It won’t come back. It couldn’t  be undone.

A proof that nothing will ever last.


A tear rolled down my cheeks.













Chapter 1: January 1st, 2051
From the moment I woke up, there wasn't a reason to stay awake. 

“Open up! You have 11 months of rent due!”

There was pounding on the door.

“It’s a kid living in that room.” A different voice from outside said. “A 15 year old kid. No need to barge in.”

“We’ve already let him off the hook for 11 months. He should have plenty of money.”

“You don’t know that.”

“Hmph.” There was a shuffling of feet. “What do you want to do then?”

“Let’s ask the boss. He’ll know what to do.”

“...” In the moment, there was silence, silence of them leaving again.

I huddled beneath the warmth of my blankets. 

The footsteps were at the door again.

“Hey kid,” A voice called from the door. It was rougher, lower pitched than the previous two before. “Look, if you’re struggling in there, you still have to pay rent. 12 months kid, that’s the max left. Also, how are you getting your food?”

Silence.

“You know, this month and last month, I wonder if there even is someone in the room. It’s like a ghost room.” It was a voice from before. “Not even a sound. No one has come out, no one has come in for the past months.”

“Whatever it is, in a week, we’ll unlock your door and you’ll have to come out. You have $3K due, but even if you don’t have enough money, at least inform us this isn’t a ghost room. We’ll make arrangements from there.”

There was a moment of silence.

“Come on guys, we’ll check back in a week.”

Footsteps. They had left.

I tossed and turned, trying to sleep again. Instead, my stomach protested with a growl.

I groaned, pushing myself up and turning on the lamp. The light illuminated the room, the cheap, white walls. Across, there was a shelf with several photo frames pushed down. I looked away and pushed the thought of them out.

My stomach growled again.

Empty bags of food scattered across the nightstand. I opened the shelf, finding nothing but a bag of bread with a single slice in it. 

The food I bought last year were all gone.

I put the remaining bread slice in my mouth. It was hard and stale like cardboard, like bread that was shelved for several months. Which it was.

A sharp kitchen knife layed next to the microwave. That dream last night.

Accept it and move on.

The words stabbed into me. I snatched my can of karocel, a drug. Empty. The pills I bought last year were all used.

I stared at the knife, a long, sharp blade of steel. A substitute for the pills. Escaping and destroying what was left.

I thrusted the idea out of my head, ignoring the pain in my stomach.

As I stepped out of bed, my legs stuttered and I stumbled. Taking a breath, I wobbled my way to the nightstand, grabbing my card. My legs shook as I headed to the door. 

When I opened the door, light flooded in from the hallway, blinding me. 

When my eyes adjusted to the light, the marble hallway with its concrete walls painted white stretched out in front of me.

Tired, I rubbed my eyes and leaned on the wall.

A boy wearing a black plaid T-shirt walked past me.

“U-um,” I tried to say. Instead, it came out as a raspy, dry sound.

He turned around, gazing at me with his gray eyes. “Do you need something?” he asked, wrinkling his eyebrows in confusion. 

“D-” I coughed, and cleared my throat. It felt dry and itchy, sore from months of collecting dust. “Do you know where the rent booth is?” I asked. 

“The booth?” He scratched his head and pointed to the right. “It’s that way. Go right, then up the stairs, and you should be at the booth.”

I gave him thanks and headed off. “One foot after another,” I thought as I staggered through the hallway, holding onto the wall for support.

The marble walls were cracked and old, symbolizing the place I was in. Underneath the city, people established an underground “mini-society” that was based on illicit drugs. 

I limped to the end of the hall, passing many doors, many people just like me. People that came down here.

Having lost everything, they had no choice but to come down to live on illusions, in a belief that it was different than dying.

I climbed up a stairway, arriving at a large circular platform. I panted, trying to catch my breath. My legs felt like giving in, soreness lingering in the back of my feet. I flopped down on the floor to catch my breath.

Vending stores lined up along the edges. People walked around. Some had a cigarette, smoking in spite of the risk to their lungs. Some were talking to another. Some were sitting in the corners with their heads down, as if trying to digest what once happened. All shared the dark, black shirts that symbolized the hopelessness of this underground place.

 It hasn't really changed since last time I was here.

My breathing slowed down, into its normal rhythm. I pushed myself up and continued down the path.

I met the end of the circle containing another stairway that went up. 

A stairway that led to reality. Above. Back to where I-.

I shut down the thought and took a deep breath, calming down.

I turned to my right and saw a rectangle table with a middle aged guy typing on what looked like a holographic monitor. He looked like was around his 30s. His dark gray T-shirt had a fine, red print, saying “Heaven is above, not below.” What an absurd thing to say. 

The signs around the table labeled that it was the rent center.

I walked over, coughing to make sure my vocal cords work.

“Hey,” I said, taking my IDS out.

Now that I had a closer look, he looked like he was in his 40s, his skin wrinkled. A mustache sprung from his nose. His name tag said, “LEADER, Parker”.

“Oh?” he asked, minimizing the hologram. “And who might you be?”

“Is this place for rent submission?”

“Yup, you got that right, if you haven’t already gotten it from the sign,” he said, pointing to the sign below the desk.

“Where do I insert payment?”

“Right over there,” he said, pointing to a slot.

I pushed the slider on my ID stick that slid open a mini card. I popped it into the slot. As it was processing, my eyes wandered to a mirror lying on his desk.

My dark, shaggy and torn up blue T-shirt hung off me, looking like two sizes larger than what I would normally wear. My shorts were filled with holes. My hair was a long, cluttered mess that reached my nape, looking like it hadn’t been groomed in years. 

There was a beep of the scanner.

“Oh? You’re Luke?” Parker asked. He turned to me and observed my figure, before furrowing his eyebrows. “Have you been eating at all? How much do you weigh?”

“I haven’t checked,” I replied, tapping my fingers.

“You’re the one who’s been in room 15 for a year?”

“Yeah.”

“You spent last year entirely in that room. Any plans for this new year?”

“...”

There was a moment of silence while Parker was typing my order.

“Alright kid,” he said, tapping the enter key. “Your rent payment is completed. Is there anything else I can help you with?”

“I would like to pay upfront for 12 more months. Also, I would like to buy a few more cans of karocel.”

“12?” Parker blinked, then glimpsed at my body. “Your body is not going to handle that again.”

“It’s alright, I’ve got the money.”

“And a few more cans of karocel you say?”

“Yeah.”

Parker let out a sigh. “Hey kid, can I ask you something?” He turned his chair and faced me.

“What?”

“What is it that you want?”

“I want housing and karocel.”

“Why?”

“... It doesn’t matter, please just let me buy them.”

Parker stared at me. His mouth opened, but nothing came out.

At that moment, a voice from behind me called in my ear.

”What a strange place to find you, Luke. I would’ve never expected you to come here.”

I turned around, but there wasn’t anyone. Not a single person was walking around. Only vending machines, beeping and buzzing to attract customers.

“Am-. She wouldn’t have ever wanted this, you know.”

“Who are you?” I called. My vision blurred. The objects in front of me faded into a fog.

“Luke. You’re not doing anything for her by living like this. This was never her wish.”

The line triggered a sharp memory somewhere in me. My stomach ached for relief.

“She’s… dead.” I reached for the counter, but there was no pill of karocel. 

“You’re going to dismiss her simply as dead?”

I cupped my ears and kneeled down. My heart pounded in my chest.

The voice continued.

“When you die living like this, and meet her, what would you say to her? ‘You loved her so much you couldn’t live without her?’ That’s a sweet, cheesy line, but she wouldn’t have appreciated it.“

“Please… stop.”

The voice was silent for a moment.

“Luke. There are things you still have left to save. There is something left to save.”

The presence faded. The blurry images sharpened, and I could focus again.

“... Luke?” Parker asked. “Are you alright?”

I slowly got up, my head throbbing. There was a sharp pain in my heart.

“Luke, I’m going to do a blood test for karocel.”

I shook my head to clear my thoughts. “What?” I asked.

“It seems you’ve been taking too much karocel in the past year. Hallucinations, etc. I can’t legally prescribe without a blood test.”

“Have we done ‘legally’ here?”

“It's for safety reasons. Not the law.”

I chewed my lips.

“There’s no punishment. It’s a mere test that won’t harm you,” Parker clarified.

I gave in and nodded. He took my IDS stick out and walked us to behind the office into a room.

There was a table in front of me, with a metal sensor arm.

“So…” Parker was looking at his [“Phone”]. “Alright, sit here.” He pointed to a chair and a table. The table had a blood drawing sensor arm. “It only needs to touch your skin.” Parker said, looking at the screen.

I sat down and put the machine arm against my arm.

“230!?” Parker pressed his hand against his forehead. “That’s a high reading…”

“It was the only way to relieve. Revive”

“Revive that she you were talking about?”

“...”

“Look, there’s no way I can give you more. The safety line is 100. Your lifespan will be shortened by at least 15 years by having that concentration for a few months.”

“I don’t care about that lifespan.”

He stayed silent. “Well, I still can’t give you the karocel.”

“Can’t or won’t?”

“Both. Legally obligated not to, and morally wrong.”

“That’s fine, I guess.” I moved the arm, standing up to leave.

Parker didn’t seem to mind, instead, just laid back in his chair.

“Man, you came here 2 years ago. You were 13 years old at that time.”

I stopped. “Is there something you want to say?”

He took a cigarette and lit it. “No, not really. I just remember the look on your face when you came down here. You still had fat on you at the time. Your clothes were still clean, and you didn’t have hair that was so long.”

“That’s all water underneath the bridge now.”

He laughed, putting the cigarette into his mouth, and blew out some fumes. 

“I don’t suppose you have the strength to continue your old job? With a body mass like that, it’s easy to tell you haven’t been moving much or eating enough.”

“... You want me to continue my old job?”

“No, that’s not it.” He paused, as if a thought suddenly occurred to him. “When you came here, you’ve never told me, where’s your parents?”

His question triggered a distant, faded memory.

“They’re… gone.” I turned away. “There’s nothing above for me to return to.”

“Your parents died?”

“Something like that.”

With that, I headed towards the door.

“... Fine. Take these.”

I turned around to see Parker holding out a can of karocel.

“There’s 5 in here. I won’t give you any more.” He tossed me the can. Inside the orange cylinder were 5 of the familiar white, oval pills.

“Take care of yourself, kid.” Parker threw his cigar into the trash can, turning around. “I’ve got to go back to my job. Make sure you eat well.” He stood up and walked past me.

I watched him off, before slipping the can into my pocket. I left and approached the same stairs that led above.

Try something new. Something left to save.

Her voice and that voice kept echoing in my head.

“Why?” I asked. “Why did any of that have to happen?”

I stared at the stairs.

A world above. One that takes. One of no recovery. One of misery. Yet something about it intrigued me.

I lightly pushed the gates. They swung open with ease, as expected.

…

The moment I stepped up, my legs were greeted with a sharp pain. I pulled back my foot and stared upwards into the seemingless endless spiral stairs.

New light. That place above.

I shook my head and walked away from it. Maybe tomorrow.

I headed towards the markets, looking at the menus. My stomach growled.

I stopped by a counter, one that looked like it was selling produce. A digital screen displayed what was on sale.

[Screen]
Food list
[Screen]

I tapped on a few buttons to order some bread, ham, tomatoes, water, and milk jugs.

An arm moved inside the vendor machine.

“Total: $19.99 + 0.60 (3% Tax), $20.60”, the screen displayed with a beep.

I plugged my IDS card in.

“Thanks sir, you’re good to go,” it read. The packaged food slid into the pickup basket. I wrapped it all in a bag, leaving a slice of bread out.

I limped towards my room with my groceries.

Everything I needed was with me. Food, water, some karocel… The things I needed to stay in for another 5 days.  But the idea felt hollow. As if I wanted something else. Something else, something contrary to the old schedule.

I pushed open the door and entered back into my room. The same, dim-lighted gray walled room. I put my groceries into the mini-fridge, and laid on my bed.

Their voices stayed in my head. Amira told me to find something else. Move on. But how could I do that? I wanted everything back. Everything that was taken that day.

Was there anything for me left to find? There was nothing left.

Something left to save.

I took out the can of karocel from my pocket.

She probably didn’t want me to be engulfed in this life forever. But who was that voice earlier? How did it know my sister? How did it know who I was? Maybe it was a hallucination. I rubbed my forehead. 

Something left to save. 

What in the world was that voice talking about?

The guy at the counter, Parker, told me I would probably be dead soon if I kept using these.

But why did it matter? There was nothing to care about if I died.

I popped the pill into my mouth. Instantly, a feeling of warmth and relaxation came into me. But something was different. She didn’t appear in my mind. 

The warmth was just like the old pills. But it was weak. 

I turned over and slid open the cabinet. No pills were left, nothing to compare to.

It couldn’t be possible that I used too much for it to be effective anymore?

Maybe Parker would know what was happening. As I rolled back, a sharp pain spawned in my legs. “Oww…” I murmured. I stared at the ceiling. 

Probably should rest up. I closed my eyes and my mind drifted off.












Chapter 2: A Different Warmth
I opened my eyes. The room I was in was still lit. 

I sat up on my bed. That karocel gave me no dreams, no illusions. I rubbed my eyes. My legs had a slight sore in them. They haven’t recovered, I suppose.

My stomach had an ache in it, a burning feeling. Ah, I was starving.

I pushed myself up and ate a slice of ham.

The taste of the smoked ham reminded me of the last time I ate meat. Instantly, my stomach felt significantly better.

I wiped my mouth, opening the holographic phone-like screen from my IDS. It stuttered and flickered at first from not being used in months.

[Screen]
January 2nd, 2051, 6:21 PM
Welcome back, Luke. 

Swipe up to unlock.
[Screen]

I swiped the hologram. A lock button showed up, requesting for a password. Having forgotten the password, I opened up the security hint.

“What was the name of your sister’s best friend? Age?”

My sister’s best friend. The voice’s line echoed in my head. Something left to save.

I entered in the passcode of “PRINCESS.14”

The lock screen faded and replaced itself with a photo of my sister and I taking a picture at a park with 3 others.

A feeling of emptiness and pain filled my heart. Impulsively, I dropped the IDS stick, the hologram flickering out as it hit the floor.

What was that feeling just now? I shivered, shaking my head. It wasn’t a good idea to use the device. I picked it up and put it in my pocket. 

Something left to save.

The idea of going above popped into my head. But I could only laugh and ridicule the idea. What was up there, after all?

But I found myself sliding open the second shelf of my nightstand. There was a sweatshirt and a T-shirt. Torn, but acceptable.

After taking a shower and changing into the clothes, I slid the can of the pills from yesterday into my pocket and entered the hall. There was no one today, the hall was bare. 

As I walked by, I observed some paintings on the wall. One depicted a hell being below, as going towards the core of the Earth makes temperatures hot. Like the temperature of Hell. Painted by Parker Shawn. Of course it was the same guy wearing that T-Shirt. Many must’ve liked it, because it had a good amount of coins in the donation box below.

I approached the gates on the upper floor.

Something left to save.

I grabbed the gate, but my arms shook violently, refusing to push them.

A whisper started in the back of my mind, warning me against going up.

I looked around the hall, but no one was here. My eyes wandered to Parker's desk. The desk had no one. On a label at the top, it said “CLOSED”.

No one was here.

I turned back to the gate. My head felt strange. A part of it desired to see what was going on above, yet the other wished for a flight back to my room.

I put my hands on the gate. It felt fragile, like a simple push would break it off the hinge.

Was I going to do it? Did my legs feel alright?

Maybe. Just once. I thought. 

I pushed open the gate, the gates flew and hit the wall. Past the gates, the stairs stretched to what seemed to be infinitely upwards.

“... Something left to save?” 

Was there?

Tam… Princess… Her brother…

I hadn’t ever checked what happened to them since then. They’ve probably forgotten me. It’s been 2 years, after all. Was it something left to save? 

I wonder if my dad was still alive. After mom…

I took the first step. My body shivered, as if it was against everything that I was doing. Some part of me wanted to flee down the stairs and run back under my blankets. But yet, their voices rung in my head.

Something left to save. Moving on.

I took another step. Then another. Then another. Each step felt different. With every step, my nauseous feeling grew stronger. Yet, their faces appeared more clearly in my mind.

“...”

Amira. Mom.

My legs started to get weary. The nauseous feeling was getting worse. I stopped and leaned on the wall. My breathing was heavy. Panting, I turned around.

The gate that I had climbed below was gone. Infinitely below. 

I took another step, looking forward. It didn’t change anything, the staircase stretched endlessly above. But I couldn’t go back. 

I continued my way up the stairs.

The excruciating pain in the back of my leg. The whispers in the back of my head, warning me to return back underground. I ignored them all.

I wanted to run underground, hide from everything, but I also… wanted to see the world again. I had to see the surface again

At last, I reached the top of the stairway. In front of me was a simple door. 

That was it. The final obstacle.

I sat down on the floor, trying to catch my breath.

“It’s been 2 years, hasn’t it?” I asked. 

No one but the echo of the hall responded.

I pushed myself back up and gripped the door knob.

Try something new. Something to save.

I pulled open the door. 

The rusty smell of metal filled the air as I climbed into the bathroom. The white, shiny granite floor was clean, along with the sink and toilet. The hatch closed behind me. I walked towards the door of the bathroom and opened it.

Warm, orange sunlight shines into my face. The blue, cloudy sky stretched on forever above me. In contrast, the green grass and trees stretched around the park. There was a group of children, playing in the empty field. They ran around, tagging each other. They would laugh, smile, and go back to running after being tagged. Their parents would smile and take pictures of them.

At the end of the lawn, the skyscrapers stretched outwards to me. 

Ibis City.

…

I slid on my hood and took the path for the city.

2 years…

Many things have changed. The small trees in the park years ago had grown into fine, tall trees. Banners lined on certain paths, informing walkers of construction.

I stopped. The picnic table in front of me felt familiar. I brushed the brown, wooden surface of the table.

A drawing, yet faded, was still on the table. A drawing of a boy playing with his toy car.

A memory clicked in my head.

“Thankfully, you didn’t get in trouble.” A boy talked to his younger sister.

“I know, I’m sorry… ”

“It’s alright, Princess,” A different girl said. She brushed Princess’s hair, giving her a soothing smile. “I’m sure they understood.” 

“... I’m really sorry.”

“No need!” She laughed and patted Princess’s back. “Just ask before you do.”

The boy let out a small smile. “It’s alright, no one got in trouble. Just be mindful when doing things on other people’s things.”

Princess gave him a weak nod, before turning to a different, smaller boy, who was playing with his toy cars. She watched him play with the cars whilst the others were talking about a different boy that didn’t show up, one who had to complete some homework.

I looked at the drawing again. It was still there. A drawing of a boy playing with a car. 

That was the past.

I stepped away from the table, and continued back towards the city.

The fresh, cold air of January blew against my face. The busy, noisy city sounds of people hustling. The sound of the car engines as they drove. I approached the end of the park. In front of me was the city.

The white, silver, light blue skyscrapers stretched beyond me, into the sky. The streets and the sky bridges connecting buildings were filled with people. Some rushed; they were late for something. Some cheerfully talked to their friends. Colorful ads on billboards constantly changed, along with the atmosphere of the city.

It’s been a while since I was here.

I walked along the streets.

Princess, Ken, Tam, Dad. Was there anything left?

I wondered if there was any way to check.

On a billboard above, was a TV. It was a news report about-.

I stopped.

“Yesterday at 11:49 PM, there was an assassination in (Building). 4 armed men with K-series weapons broke into the building, and killed Prime Minister Gale along with his 2 bodyguards and severely injured one civilian. Current police investigations are suggesting it was done by the terrorist group REVERSIBLE.”

I closed my eyes and walked away from the board. 

Again. It happened again. Things haven’t changed one bit.

I met a clear, transparent door to my left. The entrance to an apartment. My old apartment complex. I lived here. Before…

I pushed open the door.

The shiny, white floor. The white walls. The golden chandeliers. The glass railings of the above floors. It was the same place as always.

I wonder if dad…

I walked towards the elevator, passing through many people on my walk. They contrasted vastly to the underground place. 

Some were younger children, talking and laughing on their way out. Some were older, returning home from work. Some wore white shirts, some wore red shirts. Some wore blue. There were countless colors. Some wore ‘our’ black shirts too.

Heaven is above, not below

I paused at the elevator. It had the number 7 etched in gold above.

I hit the button.

The elevator doors opened, revealing the white box with golden handles.

I stepped in, tapping the 3rd floor. The elevator started to go up.

I brushed some dust on the handles. A memory of me riding this elevator down flashed in my mind. My last ride.

The door opened. I stepped out.

After a brief walk around, I stopped by a blue stained glass door. Behind was a silvery white metal second door.

Room 102. I haven’t forgotten that number. I took out my IDS. 

Would this still work? Why would dad keep my IDS still in the system? Was this even his room anymore?

I tried the IDS. The door beeped green, signifying it was unlocked.

Did dad still own this place? Why would he keep my IDS in the system? Would he not be afraid if someone got my IDS and got in?

…Then again, I guess he wouldn’t.

I slid open the door and walked in.

The dark, brown wooden floors were stained light yellow. Empty bottles of wine, beer lay around the room. On the counter was a box of beer cans. 

He was alive, but… nothing changed.

I kneeled down, picking up one of the empty bottles. It reeked of wine.

Did I want to leave him like this?

I walked to a table. There was a soggy, old, ripped piece of paper. Strangely, it had writing on it. I looked at it closer.

[Letter]
A letter I wrote to clear my mind.

Dear son. 
	This note will probably never reach you. Whenever you’re dead, alive. It's unlikely you’re ever going to come back to this place. Leaving the door open to your IDS, it's a belief that you’ll ever come back. There’s nothing to lose, I’m already nothing. Despite everything, I wish… that if you’re alive, you’ll live someday to recover. If you die, I wish you died without guilt. 
					Regards, Yarold
				        October 11th, 2049

I stared at the letter. It was written almost 2 years ago. Months after…

…

I took a black marker on the table.

I’ll try. L.E

Setting down the marker, I walked into her room. 

The moment I entered, I shivered. Even though the temperature did not change, the air felt colder.

Her desks were covered in dust. On her desk were her notes and an open textbook, her notes scattered across it. 

A test she never took.

I closed my eyes and took a deep breath.

…

I opened my eyes. A purple hairpin lied on the textbook. I walked over, and picked it up. Her hairpin. I brushed the dust off it. There was a snowflake pattern. She liked snowflakes ever since I could remember. 

I slid the purple hairpin into my hair. 

It was time to go. After locking the door and navigating out, I took a deep breath as I exited the apartment complex.

The sun had set, the lights of buildings turning on. Green, red, blue, lights illuminated the city. Night did not stop people, as they crowded streets, taking pictures, laughing with each other.

I walked towards the park.

Was there something left to save? My dad was alive, but in the end, I was just a spectator, who lost everything, pretty much even his own life. 

“To our dear Minister…” a microphone announced in front of me.

I turned to the direction of the sound.

There was a gathering. People crowded before a stage. Their heads were down, as if they were praying at a church. 

I stared across at the board. 

[Board]
To Minister Gale,

We are thankful for your service. You have undoubtedly done many great things that we’ll never be able to pay you back for. Unable to repay you, the least we can do is mourn and show our gratitude.

For the 5th tragedy that has happened at the hands of REVERSIBLE.
[Board]

A ceremony for that REVERSIBLE attack?

There was a nauseous feeling settling in my stomach. I stepped closer to get a better look. 

For the 5th tragedy that has happened at the hands of REVERSIBLE.

There have been 3 tragedies between that day and today…

No civilians were killed this time. Either that REVERSIBLE has improved at their ability to kill only who they focus on, or security was improved.

Still… 

If only it was like this that day. No civilians killed.

I pushed the thought out of my mind. 

Things that happened, happened. There isn’t an if. 

I observed the crowd, trying to clear my head. I’ve never been to one of these, despite being one of the victims.

As people passed by the crowd, they tried their best to remain silent. In the crowd themselves, people were quiet. Some were probably grieved, although some others were probably just trying to get through. 

As the speaker began the tribute, I closed my eyes. The world disappeared, the voices fading in the background.

The wind blew against my face, leaving a swish sound as it went by. Time seemed to pause. I felt my heart beating, pulse by pulse. Inhale, exhale. It felt peaceful, calm, as if I had nothing to worry about. 

Finding something new. Moving on. Her words haven’t left me. But…

No. I won’t. There’s something I still have to do before I leave.

I opened my eyes. A group of birds flew above us. My legs seemed to feel weaker.

“Thank you. Everyone.” The speaker wiped his eyes with a handkerchief. 

There was a bare mumbling as the group departed. Instead of leaving, I stayed where I stood. 

I couldn’t bring myself to move. I stared at the people departing. But there was something that caught my attention.

My eyes widened and my breathing stopped.

In the midsts, a familiar pair of amber eyes flicked past me. In her shoulder length, brown hair, now dyed with streaks blue, was the same light purple ribbon. Her light gray jacket fluttered as she walked.

She stopped walking, as if she noticed something particularly odd with her situation. When she turned her head to look around, our eyes met.

It was definitely her. The same glint in the eyes. The same fire. Even though it seemed put out. She gave a confused stare, as if she was wondering why I was staring at her. Yet also a spark of curiosity, as if her brain was trying to comprehend the sight of me.

Words popped in my head, almost like all my thoughts from the two years flooded my head.

There was a strong nauseous feeling, my head felt dizzy. My mind didn’t seem to like what was happening. I wasn’t ready. Not yet.

Instead of saying something, I turned around and bolted, doing my best to avoid running into people. 

It might’ve been my imagination, but I might’ve heard her calling “Wait!” behind me as I ran.

Not now… Not yet…






















Chapter 3: Fresh Starts Don’t Exist
I held on to the door stall of a bathroom, trying not to fall over. My stomach felt like giving in. 

She…

Resisting the urge to throw up, I took a deep breath.

In. Out. In. Out.

I flopped down on the floor. As I sat there, panting to catch my breath, my mind raced.

Why was she there? Did she remember me? Even if she did, there is no way she should be able to recognize me. After all, my physical appearance completely changed.

I stared at myself. My skin was at least several shades paler, my arms looked like one half of the width they used to be. I grabbed a strand of my hair by my neck. My hair was long to the back of my nape. I was wearing a hood too. There shouldn’t be any way for her to remember.

She couldn’t have known I was there.

My breathing slowed down, the nausea settled down. My mind still spun, but I felt a lot better. Not enough…

“There’s no way I’m able to walk back…” I took off my hood, staring at the ceiling of the bathroom. “Something left to save, huh?”

I closed my eyes. 

How was I going to return?

A few more minutes, I thought. Maybe I’ll be able to walk.

…

She still wore that light purple ribbon. It looked torn up and old. It still had that grape juice stain from years ago.

She was definitely Princess. She was alive, at the mere least. I wonder about her brother…

Something left to save. Something isn’t a person. Something is a concept. A memory. A way for the past to move into the future.

I opened my eyes and took out my can of karocel.

It didn’t have much effect on me, except as a calming substance. 

I had no drug stronger than karocel. If I lived underground, I wouldn’t be able to get anything.

But… I could try to save the present. Amira was gone. Mom was gone. But Princess, Ken, Tam, dad… was not. Maybe… I could somehow make things like the past again?

I laughed inwardly at the thought.

The odds of the second one were extremely low. People move on. They forget. They may have found a new “happiness”. To show up in their lives again, after being the reason their old happiness was lost; the idea made me laugh.

I pushed myself against the wall. My legs shook as I stood up.

There was nothing for me to do right now. Nothing left but me to return to the so called hell.

I wobbled my way out around the building I had run into.

The crowd from before were cleared. The stage was empty; the speakerman left with his equipment. Princess was nowhere in sight. The only thing left was the idle sound of people moving and the wind blowing. 

I turned around, walking towards the park. 

When I returned to the park, it was dimly lit, with nothing but the street lamps that were there. They were spaced a lot, so there were plenty of dark sections.

After the walk, I stopped in front of the bathroom. 

Back to the underground. Away from everything. A place to run away, away from… reality. 

I turned around and looked at the dark, night sky behind me.

The city lights shone brightly. Despite being in the park, I could see the colorful signs and billboards from the city. 

The city was reality. Colorful, filled with positive colors. But also filled with negative colors. Underground, lack of color. Little negative colors, but little positive colors either.

I closed my eyes and held the knob. 

…

Up. Above. Heaven is above, not below.

That quote… I couldn’t help but laugh. If heaven existed, it isn’t above. Space is above. Not heaven. Wherever heaven is, I have no idea.

Before I turned the knob, a voice came from behind me.

“Well, well, well, look who it is.”

I blinked, my hands letting go of the knob as I turned around.

Two people wearing shaggy black T-shirts were looking at me. They carried bats, and wore sunglasses. One of them took off his sunglasses.

“Luke, wasn’t it?” he asked. “Remember me?”

“Who are you?”

“You don’t remember us…” he shook his head, then laughed. “Of course you wouldn’t. Maybe you will, after I serve you revenge.” He lifted the bat off from his shoulder.

I scooted back and braced for the impact, but the guy in the middle extended his hand in front of him. “Stop,” he said.

“You don’t remember your victims at all…” the guy muttered, lowering his bat.

Who were these people? They acted as if I should remember them.

“Enough, Jack,” the guy said. He turned to me. “We’re here to collect revenge funds. Protest and you’ll get the bat.”

“Revenge funds? For what?”

“...Of course you wouldn’t remember,” he mumbled, scratching his chin. He looked back at me. “Well to you, then we would just be robbers. Empty your pockets,” he demanded, pointing his bat at me.

“What do you want from me?”

“Empty your pockets. Now.”

I slowly reached into my pockets, pulling the insides of them out. Nothing but my IDS.

“Cabe, that thing holds ten dollars at most,” the one named Jack muttered, tightening his grip around the bat.  “I’d rather just beat him up.” 

Cabe didn’t flinch. “Hand it over kid. Your IDS.”

$21K actually, was in the IDS. 

I hesitated. It was the money my dad left me. Also… There’s things on this IDS that couldn’t be replaced. Like… certain pictures.

I pressed my back against the door. 

Cabe snapped his fingers. “Look kid, hand it over. I’m not playing with you,” he said, tapping the bat on the floor. “It’s to pay back revenge for crapping us. My fellow Jack here wanted to floor you for it.”

“My job…?” I asked. My heart pounded in my chest as I tried to recall memories. 

Were they one of…

“Hand it over!” Cabe snapped. “I’ll give you 2 seconds.” He lifted the bat. Jack eagerly followed him.  

Instead of handing my IDS over, I closed my eyes.

“One.”

The wind blew, a refreshing, cooling, air breezing against my face. 

The thought of dying the next second. A bat swing can’t be enough to kill, but my mind wandered to the thought anyway.

As I stood there, the second felt longer than a second. As if time stopped. The bat never came. 

I slowly opened my eyes.

A figure was standing in front of me. Jack and Cabe were knocked down on the ground in front of me.

“Who the heck are you?” Jack asked, scrambling for his bat.

The figure extended something out of their sleeve. It was a sharp weapon. The sight of it sent chills through my veins. I knew what it was, something that I wished I didn’t.

Jack and Cabe stared cross-eyed at the blade, their faces in horror.

“Get out of here. Or else your lives might not be intact.” The figure flashed the blade at them.

Jack and Cabe nodded, turning around and fleeing. As they ran off, a symbol on the sleeves of their shirt, an ibis bird with the number II scribbled on it.

That symbol. WINGS II.

The figure standing in front of me took off their hood. Without it, I could see clearly, it was a woman. She looked like she was in her mid 20s. Her black, smooth hair fell to her shoulders as she turned to me.

“Are you alright?” she asked, sheathing the weapon back into her sleeve.

“...Who are you?”

“Harmony Summer. Or just Summer,” she suggested, brushing some dust off her clothes.

“W-why…” I stammered, struggling to get the words out. 

Why did this person have one of those?

I took a deep breath, staring at the ground.

“Why do you have one of those? Those K wea-”

The word stuck in my throat. It felt wrong in my throat. I swallowed the remainder of the sentence.

“One of these?” Summer asked, sliding the sleeve. The sharp, silver blade revealed underneath. She peered at me. “Why would you know what this is?” she asked, her tone sharpening as she narrowed her eyes.

Something about her voice made me feel like she would kill me if I didn’t explain.

“Because I’ve…” My voice faltered. “Experienced them before.” As a memory flashed in my mind, my hand drifted to my shoulder.

Summer stared at where my hand was. Her expression softened as she sheathed the weapon. “Never mind then,” she replied. Turning around, she scratched her chin. “I wonder why they would go after you. It’s not like you were particularly special to them. Did you know who they were?”

I took another deep breath, settling myself. 

“Y-yeah. They might have been some people that I…”

It was last year, one of the tasks for my job. The last one. They still remember what I wore and did. 12 months ago, and they’ve never seen me since. Despite that, they still had such vivid memories.

“I… I had to go through to do something.”

Summer nodded. She must’ve noted my unease, because she stopped pressing. “What’s your name?” she asked, changing the topic.

“Lu-” I hesitated. 

The news reports were probably gone now. Besides, many people probably share the same first name.

“Luke.”

“Luke,” she repeated. “Nice to meet you, Luke.”

Our eyes locked. Her green eyes gazed into me, as if trying to see into me. 

Summer closed her eyes and looked away.

“There’s some matters I have to go to now,” she said as she turned around. She gave me a wave. “See you around. Luke.”

“See you…”

Summer walked off towards the city, sliding her hood on.

I turned around and opened the bathroom door. Finding my way down, I stepped down the stairs.

Much like everything, down was easier than up. The thought gave me an urge to laugh. 

As I approached the bottom, the gates stood in front of the same, familiar, underground place.

Contrasting the colorful above, the place looked like a monotonous sheet of black and white. Parker was still absent from the desk.

“Heaven is above, not below,” I repeated.

Above, not below. Above, not below. Above, not below.

I pushed open the gates. Cabe… Jack…

Something so small, but they remembered the details of that interaction.

If that was true, then maybe it was possible.

That they would remember. Remember it all.

That there was a chance after all. A chance to return.

That there was something left to save. A time to save.

…

That we can be together again.


























Chapter 4: Heaven is Above, not Below
A building stretched above me.

The STARLIGHT building. One of the central towers in Ibis City. Several hundred meters tall, it was the tower for commercial businesses, with an extreme apartment complex above.

“One day, we’ll be up there! Together!” Tam had once said in the past. A warm, sunny, picnic day.

Princess, Amira, Ken, and I laughed. It was a joke. We would never have the money for one of those apartments, and if we did, by the time we do, we’ll probably forget about this.

But it was a funny joke. We all liked being above the ground. Born in Ibis City, where one sees the world like an ibis bird, a birds-eye view of the world. Up and above, where one can see everything. All the buildings, all the people.

Ironically, I ended up below the ground.

I turned back towards the park.

Navigating my way back, I pushed open the gate and walked back down the stairs..

A chance for us to be together again.

“Luke!”

A familiar voice called to me. Parker. From his desk, he wore the same clothes from days ago. The black T-shirt, Heaven was above, not below.

“Out above lately?” he asked, shutting off the holographic screen.

“... Just a few walks. Nothing more.”

“Wow,” he said, scratching his chin. “You would be the last person I’d expect to have headed above.”

As he said that, a boy standing at the edge of the table coughed. The moment I saw him, I recognized him. The same boy that told me directions for the rent booth. The same blond, curly hair. His shirt was plain black, not a single other color.

Before I had a chance to say something, he interrupted.

“Aren’t you that guy that asked for directions to a rent booth? A few days ago?”

I opened my mouth, but I couldn’t think of anything to say. 

Parker laughed. “He’s Luke,” he said, pointing to me. “This is Fayes.”

Fayes observed me. “Luke. That’s your name?” he asked.

“Luke,” I repeated. “Yes.”

A moment of silence etched. As I stared into his eyes, I couldn’t help but feel a connection. A similarity.

It was special about this underground place. The fact that we’re still alive. The fact that we’re both down here. The fact that we’ve run from above. Away from reality. In some sense, I could see through, see into him. Like with the people I see here. After all, the ones that have come here all shared that.

Fayes coughed, turning away.

Parker laughed, before scrolling open a drawer. He took out a silver square, a stamp, and handed it to Fayes.

“Your transaction is finished. Take the receipt print coin.”

Fayes took the coin, sliding it into his pocket.

“You guys…” Parker sat back in his chair and stared at the roof of the ceiling. “Ibis City… I haven’t been there in quite a long time,” Parker mumbled, taking out a cigarette. After lighting it, he puffed out some smoke.

“Is there something stopping you?” Fayes asked.

“Several things. Partly because of my workload. But also, some part of me doesn’t want to.”

Like all of us here. The master shouldn’t be any different.

Fayes shifted his feet, as if he didn’t know what to say in response.

Parker sighed, and tossed the cigar into the trash can.

 “I’ve got a meeting to attend. I’ll be taking my leave.”

He stood up, and walked off without another word. Me and Fayes watched him off as he walked towards the end of the hall.

Reality. The greatest fear of the underground.

“Well… Nice meeting you Fayes.”

“Wait,” Fayes called, before I turned around.

He batted his eyebrows. “How many times have you been above?”

 “...Twice now.”

“Are you ever planning to go again?” he asked, stroking his chin.

I shifted my feet. “Maybe tomorrow.” Did…

“If possible… Could… I come with you?”

Why? Why would he…

“My trips aren’t that interesting.”

“It’s alright. Don’t worry about that.”

What am I supposed to say? No?

Our eyes locked.

Would it hurt to bring him along?

There was a desperation in his eyes, maybe a plea.

“I… suppose it’s fine. Meet me at the gate tomorrow at 3:00PM.”

The corners of Fayes mouth twitched upwards. He nodded. “ I’ll be sure to arrive on time.”

He walked past me.

“Later. Luke.”

The sound of footsteps got quieter and quieter.

I turned around. Fayes had left.

Why would he…

It wouldn’t hurt, I suppose.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

I took the last bite of the sandwich I made.

Lunch. 

Above. Above. Above.

I flipped on my IDS.

[Screen]
January 5th, 2051,  1:44PM
Welcome back, Luke. 

Swipe up to unlock.
[Screen]

An hour or so till…

I closed my IDS. In my view, were the flipped down photo frames. Lying across on the shelf, collecting dust.

Something left to save

I exited the room. 

The same marble floors and walls stretched ahead of me. They didn’t look the same. The white with black specks now looked like a simple sheet of gray.

People learn fast, when exposed to a new color set.

Above.

When I approached Parker’s desk, he was there talking to a person. They wore a dark blue cap and a black sleeve.

“There you are!”

I turned around.

Fayes walked up to me, his hair swaying as he took his steps. 

“Are you ready?” Fayes asked. He walked past me and pushed open the gates.

In front of us, was the same stairway. For the first time, I noticed a small sign printed on the wall. ‘Stairway to heaven’. Shaking it off my mind, I turned back to Fayes. 

I took my steps up. Fayes followed behind me.

“These stairs, they go much higher than the one below…” Fayes gripped the railing as he staggered.

A stairway to heaven was going be a long climb

After climbing the stairs and the bathroom, we entered the park.

The wind blew against my face. The sun shone upon us. Two things that would never be found below.

“Green… Blue… I haven’t seen these colors in forever.” Fayes muttered.

When I turned towards Fayes, he was staring at the horizon. His eyes were lost in thought.

I stepped forward. Fayes followed me.

“Yellow. Red. Pink. So many different T-shirt colors,” Fayes said, scratching the back of his head.

My fingers gripped the edge of my shirt. “A lot more things exist here.”

People hustled around. Crowds of people moved from one place to the other. People scooted from the bridges above us, from one building to another, a direct link.

“Ibis City, where one finds freedom,” I repeated.

Fayes blinked. “That… was the city slogan, wasn’t it?”

I nodded.

“I wonder…” Fayes looked away. His eyes locked to the ground. “What made you decide to return up here?” he asked, chewing his lips.

I stared at the sky. 

Fayes and I… weren’t different at all.

The underground place. Having lost everything, we had no choice but to come down to “live”, in a belief that it was different than dying.

The clouds inched across the sky. They never stop, no matter what, do they?

Amira’s face popped into my mind. 

Something left to save

That voice…

Princess. Ken. Tam. Them. We. Us.

What made me return?

I slid my hands into my pocket. “Maybe… Hope.”

“Hope for?”

“A hope that life will save itself.”

A moment of silence etched between us as Fayes digested what I said.

“A hope that life will save itself,” he repeated, kicking a rock. “Isn’t that just all of us down there?”

“Probably so.”

We walked in silence. On our walk, billboards flashed as they changed from ad to ad. News of the REVERSIBLE couldn’t be seen anywhere.

Fayes turned to me. “Luke, have you been out of the city?” he asked.

“Maybe once.”

When I looked up to face him, I noticed the place we were in.

My blood ran cold, and my eyes widened.

This place…

A sickening whisper started in my head.

Many skyscrapers stretched above us. But one in particular, stood out. The yellow star on top.

The sounds of sirens blared. Several gunshots echoed the scene.

A sickening feel erupted in my stomach, as if I was shot. I leaned forward, clutching it.

This place. Where… Where… 

You. Attempted to. Leave. She.

The whispers got louder, echoing in my head. A sharp pain started in the back of my skull.

Shot. Dead.

I clutched my head. The world spun around me. Voices around me muffled, as if I was underwater.

You should’ve been too.

Someone shook my shoulders.

“Luke, are you alright?”

I blinked a few times. When my eyes focused, I saw Fayes. He gripped my shoulders, staring at me. 

“Are you alright?”

The feeling in my stomach softened. I pushed myself out of his hands, before blinking a few more times. The environment hadn’t changed, those sounds were only in my head.

“Y-yeah.”

Fayes opened his mouth, but no words formed. 

I kept my eyes away from the building. “F-Fayes, let’s stay away from this route?”

Fayes glanced at the building, then back at me. He nodded.

We turned around. After a few minutes of walking, Fayes broke the silence.

“About that…” he asked. “What was that?”

“I almost never walk that way. Some… memory shards are left there.”

Fayes fixed his eyes on the ground. 

“Shards,” he repeated. “Memory shards.”

As silence stretched between us, the unsettling feeling stirred in my stomach.

I stopped. “W-well, I think… I’ll be heading back to the underground.”

Fayes glanced at me. “I guess I’ll go as well.”

We walked back to the park. The sun’s glare felt as if it was melting my skin. 

From zero exposure to high exposure.

We approached the bathroom.

“Back to black,” Fayes muttered. He stared at the ground.

After we climbed down the stairs, the empty, gray walls lined the room. Parker wasn’t at the desk. Several hoodie-covered heads, to which most keep down, lifted to see us return. 

“This is it, Fayes,” I said, pushing past the gates.

“Yeah…”

“See you. Fayes.”

I headed off without another word.

…

Fayes Drake. Something about him felt vaguely familiar. As if he reminded me of someone I once knew.







Chapter 5: Castles are the Hell
I brushed the dust off the photo frames.

Lifting one up, it was a picture of Princess, Ken, Tam, Amira, and I at a playground.

As the others played on the swings, Amira was poking my face, telling me to cheer up. 

“Luke, you’ve got to look at the bright side more,” she had said.

Just then, there was a knock on my door.

“Luke? Are you at home?” a voice called.

I placed the frame facedown, before moving to the door. When I opened it I was greeted with a face that I would last expect.

“P-Parker?”

“Greetings, Luke,” Parker said. 

“W-.” I took a breath. “What brings you here?”

“Just wanted to stop by,” he said, fanning his face. “Ironically, the overall economy of WINGS I has been dropping.” Weirdly, he said it with a smile on his face.

WINGS I. The official name for this underground place, ironically opposite of flying.

“Economy?”

“Yeah,” Parker replied. “But it’s because many others have been heading above.”

“Others have been heading above?”

“I guess they saw that you went up, and decided to give it a try as well.”

“Oh… Interesting.”

Parker closed his eyes.

“You know, WINGS I has 15 members, including you and Fayes. It’s a lot smaller than the other WINGS.”

“How much do the other WINGS have?”

“Around 40. Don’t have the exact numbers.”

“Oh…”
“But it’s not what you think.” Parker opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling. “I don’t believe that this underground network can be called a place to live. I run this place, not as a home, but as a shelter for those to one day return above. That’s why, I’m glad that people are returning. Even if it means our population is diminishing.”

I opened my mouth, but nothing came out.

Parker looked back at me. “Thank you, Luke. I’ll see you around.”

I watched him as he walked away.

Above.

His belief is why there was so much emphasis on heaven being above.

Was the above heaven? I haven’t found anything heaven-like above.

I looked at the pushed down frames.

A heaven was once above. It shattered. Vanished. Leaving nothing but remains of sharp glass, that does nothing but leave bitterness. Yet ironically, once broken, it was impossible to bring back the glass together.

Of course, in that analogy, there existed many technologies that could reforge glass together. So maybe…

I stared towards the end of the hall.

Something left to save. A chance for us to be together again.

I took out my IDS and activated the holographic screen.

[Screen]
January 11, 2051, 6:31 PM
Welcome back, Luke. 

Swipe up to unlock.
[Screen]

I swiped up and entered ‘PRINCESS.14’.

The background replaced itself with the image of me, Amira, Princess, and Tam at the park.

Unlike last time, there was only the hollowness. And a sharp feeling of… longing.

That day…

You should’ve been too.

I turned back. The knife lying on my nightstand suddenly looked like a weapon. I could almost imagine it being covered with blood. 

A shiver ran through me.

I walked over, picking it up. In the reflection of the metal, I could see a reflection. Of Luke. Me.

A pain burned in my finger. A vague memory flashed in my mind. 

A girl ran over to her brother, who tried to help her cut the vegetables for dinner.

“Luke, are you alright?” she asked, before seeing red on his fingers. She observed them. “Did you cut yourself?”

The boy, Luke nodded. He was holding back from shaking in pain.

The girl, Amira, cleaned the wound, while Luke gripped her hand. Afterwards, she put a bandage on the wound. “It’s all fine now,” she reassured him.

Luke nodded, but without ever letting go of her hand. The sight of the knife left a feeling of uncomfort. Whenever he saw it, he would feel uncomfortable. The uncomfortable feeling and fear would prove itself rational when REVER-.

I cut off the thought, before lifting my hand and observing the same spot I had cut. A pinkish, extruding scar remained where it was. A scar that remained longer than her.

As I stared at the knife, a sudden, familiar, uncomfortable feeling stirred in me. Awoke again. 

I quickly stuck the knife into my bottom drawer. A part of me wondered why I bought the knife. I took a deep breath to settle my nerves. 

Sliding on my hood, I put my IDS into my pocket and headed out of my room.

As I was walking in the gray halls, I reached into my pocket, and felt a can.

The can of karocel. There were four pills in it. Surprisingly, I hadn’t eaten any more.

When I approached the gates to the above, Parker was nowhere in sight. He seldom ever was at that desk.

As I pushed the gates open, a voice called out from behind me. 

“Luke, is that you?”

I turned around to find Fayes. Fayes Drake
“... Hello Fayes.”

Fayes walked up to me and looked at where my hands were resting. On the gates.

“Are you planning to head above?” he asked.

“Yeah…”

“How coincidental,” he remarked, scratching the back of his head. “I was planning to do so too.”

I nodded, turning back and climbing up the stairs.

Fayes followed behind me, as we took our steps to the above. Ibis City. When we stepped out of the bathroom, the same city stretched in front of us.

“Another day to be alive,” Fayes muttered.

I took a step forward. “... Would you say that’s a good thing?” I asked, staring at the ground.

“You wouldn’t know until you lived it,” he replied.

He was wrong. It was probably possible to find out today’s fortune based on yesterday. But I didn’t say anything as I walked forward.

Fayes and I walked around the city, observing the changes. He was outdated as well, leaving confusion between us whenever we’d see something that was new. The new shops that opened up, some of the new constructions.

Fayes stopped.

“Have you eaten dinner?” he asked, pointing to the clock. “It’s 7 o’clock.”

“...I’m not really that hungry.”

“No? Well, I’m going to get a meal. You might as well get one too.”

“Well…” I thought of the times I slept through my meals.

“Here,” Fayes said. He tossed me an IDS slip, a transferable money card. “I’ll pay for your meal. It’s the least I could pay you back for the time you took me up here.”

If he was going out of his way to give me the meals, I might as well accept it.

“T-thanks…” I stammered as I took the slip. 

He turned away. “No problem,” he said.

We found a concession stand nearby, and ordered some food. Fayes ordered a burger and some fries, and I ordered a hotdog.

“So, how’s things been going?” Fayes asked, tearing a piece of his hamburger. He popped it into his mouth.

The wind blew against my hair, reminding me of how long it was. 

“Nothing special,” I replied, taking a bite of my hotdog. “Just occasional walks up here, that’s all. Maybe a bit of window shopping.”

Fayes closed his eyes, a pained smile on his face. “Window Shopping… I remember when I would always window shop because I was broke.”

We ate in silence.

“There was once a time,” Fayes started. “when I accidentally took out some dice from the store. I slipped some into my pocket, and accidentally took it out.”

“Huh. They didn’t stop you?”

“No they did. I took it out of the store, opened it, thinking I had bought it. Then the guards showed up, demanding it back.”
“You gave it back?”

Fayes scratched his head. “I… I’m not so sure,” he said. “Somehow, I can’t recall the next part. It’s fuzzy.”

Something about his line intrigued me. “Did the memory come in bits or all at once?” I asked.

“Somehow… the first part clicked when you mentioned window shopping.“

I had an urging feeling that the subject he was talking about could lead to deep water. Clicked on keywords. Fuzzy. The thing to me that was like that was…

I sucked in a breath as I pondered whether or not I should press him. His face wandered in confusion, probably trying to remember. But if it was really like my case, it was probably better to not say anything. Even so, I was curious, admittedly.

“Perhaps… the guards let you off?”

Fayes scratched his chin. “No, I don’t think that happened. It doesn’t ring a bell.”

“Perhaps you had money on you to pay them?”

“No, I was like, 10, I didn’t have any money, let alone enough to pay it off.”
“Maybe someone else paid for it?”

As he sipped from his drink, he choked on his water. Coughing and gagging he snatched a napkin and wiped his mouth with it. His face darkened, and the smile wiped off his face.

Something told me to end the talk right there.

“Are you alright?” I asked.

“...I’m fine,” Fayes replied. His eyes were lacking the smile he used to bear. 

“W-well, how was your meal?” I asked, looking at his one-fourth remaining burger.

“It was alright,” he replied, staring into his hands.

I nodded, looking away to give him some space. Maybe I shouldn’t have said anything earlier.

The city lights of red, green, blue, and purple flashed in the buildings. People hurried their way across the streets, across the bridges. Rushing home from work. 

“Luke?”

I turned back to see Fayes staring at me.

“You’ve never told me your full name,” he said, brushing some dust off his chair. “Fayes Drake, that’s who I am.”

The wind blew my hair across my face, covering my eyes. Evans. Something about the name felt wrong, yet it was my last name. 

I closed my eyes. “Evans. Luke Evans.

“Luke Evans?” Fayes asked. “It seems like a familiar name…” he scratched his chin in thought. “Luke Evans,” he repeated, over and over again to himself.

At that moment, a young, smooth voice called out from behind me.

“Umm, excuse me, but do you go by the name ‘Luke Evans’?”

I turned around to find a person standing behind me. They wore a light, gray jacket with the hood on, concealing part of their face. Immediately, something felt familiar about the figure.

“Y-yes, I am Luke Evans,” I said, hesitation clouding my mind. I wasn’t sure if anyone could still recognize me from the news, but there was still doubt.

The figure backed off, their hood falling off. I could get a clever vision of their face.

My eyes widened.

 This… this…

Her dark, brown hair stretched and twirled down to her chest. Her amber eyes widened as they flickered, just as shocked as I was.

“L-Luke isn’t it?” Princess stuttered. “It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”





















Chapter 6: A Fate Together

 “Three years…” Princess repeated, staring at the sky. 









 







 













